acknowledgement, acknowledgment
aeroplane, airplane
aesthetic, esthetic
ageing, aging
aluminium, aluminum
amoeba, ameba
anaemia, anemia
anaesthesia, anesthesia
analyse, analyze
analogue, analog
annexe, annex
apologise, apologize
archaeology, archeology
armour, armor
artefact, artifact
authorise, authorize
axe, ax
behaviour, behavior
broncho, bronco
caesium, cesium
chamomile, camomile
cancelled, canceled
carburettor, carburetor
catalogue, catalog
centre, center
cheque, check
chequer, checker
cypher, cipher
civilise, civilize
colonise, colonize
colonisation, colonization
colour, color
cosy, cozy
counsellor, counselor
counselling, counseling
connexion, connection
defence, defense
demagogue, demagog
dialled, dialed
dialler, dialer
dialogue, dialog
diarrhoea, diarrhea
disc, disk
distil, distill
doughnut, donut
draught, draft
dreamt, dreamed
emphasise, emphasize
encyclopaedia, encyclopedia
enrolment, enrollment
equalling, equaling
endeavour, endeavor
enquire, inquire
espresso, expresso
favourite, favorite
favour, favor
faeces, feces
fibre, fiber
flaky, flakey
foetid, fetid
foetal, fetal
foetus, fetus
flautist, flutist
flavour, flavor
fulfil, fulfill
furore, furor
fuelling, fueling
generalise, generalize
glycerine, glycerin
grey, gray
gynaecology, gynecology
haemophilia, hemophilia
haematology, hematology
haem, heme
harbour, harbor
harmonise, harmonize
harmonisation, harmonization
homologue, homolog
honour, honor
humour, humor
industrialise, industrialize
instalment, installment
italicise, italicize
in side, inside.
jewellery, jewelry
judgement, judgment
kerb, curb
kilometre, kilometer
labour, labor
leapt, leaped
learnt, learned
leukæmia, leukemia
licence, license
liquorice, licorice
light, lite
litre, liter
lodgment, lodgement
manoeuvre, maneuver
marvellous, marvelous
meagre, meager
metre, meter
modelling, modeling
milliard, billion
mould, mold
mollusc, mollusk
moult, molt
mum, mom
monologue, monolog
moustache, mustache
moisturiser, moisturizer
neighbour, neighbor – and derived words
nite, night
oenology, enology
oesophagus, esophagus
oestrogen, estrogen
odour, odor
offence, offense
omelette, omelet
organisation, organization
orthologue, ortholog
orthopaedic, orthopedic
paediatric, pediatric
paedophile, pedophile
paralyse, paralyze
parlour, parlor
pedagogue, pedagog
plough, plow
practise, practice
pretence, pretense
prise, prize
programme, program
pyjamas, pajamas
quarrelled, quarreled
quarrelling, quarreling
realise, realize
realisation, realization
rigour, rigor
routeing, routing
rumour, rumor
saviour, savior
savoury, savory
sceptic, skeptic
signalling, signaling
skilful, skillful
speciality, specialty
spelt, spelled
spoilt, spoiled
storey, story
sulphur, sulfur
theatre, theater
tyre, tire
tranquillity, tranquility
travelled, traveled
traveller, traveler
travelling, traveling
tumour, tumor
urbanisation, urbanization
valour, valor
vampyre, vampire
Vender, vendor
vice, vise
vyce, vise
victual, vittle
vigour, vigor
wintery, wintry
whisky, whiskey
woollen, woolen
yoghurt, yogurt
zed, zee